Annotations imports readme port (#84)
lyft/flytesnacks: cookbook_se/recipes/core/README.rst

############################################
Getting Started with Flytekit [python]
############################################

> The first three chapters of this part of the cookbook is organized into increasing levels of complexity. The last chapter shows the reader the optimal way to apply flytekit to a live Flyte deployment.

Reviewer: nit: what is "apply flytekit to a live deployment" mean? can we just say "use"?

Author: can you make a suggestion?

Reviewer: done

> The first three chapters of this part of the cookbook is organized into increasing levels of complexity. The last chapter shows the reader the optimal way to apply flytekit to a live Flyte deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first three chapters of this part of the cookbook is organized into increasing levels of complexity. The last chapter shows the reader the optimal way to use flytekit with a live Flyte deployment.
```
